Fixing MySQL In Docker Unit Tests (#1528)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/installation/upgrading.md

### Updating from Nautobot 1.2.x to 1.3.x

#### Revision of Recommended MySQL UTF-8 Encoding

The recommended database encoding settings have been revised to rely upon the default UTF-8 encoding provided by MySQL for collation of data in the database. Previously we were recommending in our documentation that the collation encoding be set explicitly to `utf8mb4_bin`. We are now recommending  `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci` which is configured by default on unmodified MySQL database server deployments.

The collation encoding is used to inform MySQL how characters are sorted in the database. This is important when it comes to retrieving data that has special characters or special byte-encoding such as accents or ligatures, and also including emojis. In some cases, with the `utf8mb4_bin` encoding we were previously recommending, case-insensitive searching may return inconsistent or incorrect results.

!!! danger
	It is **strongly recommended** that you backup your database before exuecitng this query and that you perform this in a non-production environment to identify any potential issues prior to updating your production environment.

> If you have an existing MySQL database, you may update your database to use the recommended encoding by using `nautobot-server dbshell` to launch a database shell and executing the `ALTER DATABASE nautobot COLLATE utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci;`query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an existing MySQL database, you may update your database to use the recommended encoding by using `nautobot-server dbshell` to launch a database shell and executing the following command:
```
